#Program - The Abstract Data Type
In this assignment, you will making a multi-level tic-tac-toe game. A player can play as many tic-tac-toe games as they want. Each game is stored in a **heap**. It gets added as a leaf in a **balanced BST** at the next available location. When a game progresses, it moves up until it is completed and removed from the heap. Think of this as much like a simple case of the priority queue for CS163. With this assignment I expect you to create a minimum of 5 classes where you use operators to perform the necessary operations. This still needs to be object oriented, so a hierarchy is expected.

The primary purpose is to support operators with your classes: =, +, +=, ==, !=, and the ability to input/output data, as appropriate. Think about how these operators might apply to your classes. For example, the + and += might be used to add a game to the heap, the == and != might be used to determine if a location has already been played. The >> could be used to determine where the player wants to move and the << would display the current board.As you decide how to apply the operators, make sure to stay within the rules of how the operators are expected to behave. You may find that some operators don’t apply at all (and therefore shouldn’t be implemented). Don’t forget your copy constructor! And, every class that has dynamic memory also needs an = operator.Questions to ask...about operator overloading
When using operator overloading, remember to ask yourself the following questions:1. What should be the residual value (and what data type is this)?
2. Should it be a modifiable lvalue or an rvalue? Lvalues are returned by reference, most rvalues are returned by value.
3. What are the data types of the operator’s operands? Remember to pass as a constant reference whenever possible.
4. Is the first operand always an object of class? If so, then it should be a member function.
5. Can the operator be used with constant operands? If the first operand can be a constant, and IF it is a member function, then it should be a constant member function.
